{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
\f3\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f4\froman\fcharset0 Times-BoldItalic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs48 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Best Ross Geller Quotes & Conversations\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs38\fsmilli19200 \cf0 1. \'93I\'92m the holiday armadillo!\'94\
2. \'93Unagi is a total state of awareness.\'94\
3. Ross: \'93Hey guys, does anybody know a good date place in the neighborhood?\'94\
Joey: \'93How about Tony\'92s? If you can finish a 32-ounce steak, it\'92s free.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93Hey, does anyone know a good place if you\'92re not dating a puma?\'94\
4. \'93We were on a break!\'94\
5. Rachel: \'93Can you take care of Emma just for today?\'94\
Ross: \'93Sure, just lend me your breasts and we\'92ll be on our way.\'94\
6. \'93I\'92m FINE!\'94\
7. \'93Well, Hurricane Gloria didn\'92t break the porch swing. Monica did.\'94\
8. (
\f2\i After Rachel lost his monkey
\f1\i0 ) \'93This is just classic Rachel! You\'92re off in Rachel-land with no thought for people\'92s feelings or monkeys!\'94\
9. \'93I tell you, when I actually die, some people are going to get seriously haunted.\'94\
10. Ross: (
\f2\i frantically presses buttons on the answering machine
\f1\i0 ) \'93Oh my God! Did she get off the plane? Did she get off the plane?\'94\
Rachel: (
\f2\i from behind him
\f1\i0 ) \'93I got off the plane.\'94\
11. \'93No falafel for you!\'94\
12. Phoebe: \'93Ross, how about you? Sex or food?\'94\
Ross: \'93Sex!\'94\'a0Phoebe: \'93What about sex or dinosaurs?\'94\'a0Ross: \'93My God, it\'92s like\'a0
\f2\i Sophie\'92s Choice
\f1\i0 .\'94\
13. Ross: \'93You sprayed my front twice!\'94\
Tanning Salon Guy: \'93You never turned?\'94\'a0Ross: \'93No! I barely even got to three Mississippi.\'94\'a0Tanning Salon Guy: \'93Mississippi? I said count to five.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93Mississippilessly?\'94\
14. \'93You-you-you\'85 you threw my sandwich away?\'a0
\f2\i My sandwich
\f1\i0 ? MY SANDWICH?!\'94\
15. Ross: \'93What are you doing?\'94\
Chandler: \'93Making chocolate milk. You want some?\'94\'a0Ross: \'93No thanks, I\'92m 29.\'94\

\f3\b RELATED:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.scarymommy.com/the-office-quotes/"}}{\fldrslt Quotes From\'a0
\f4\i The Office
\f3\i0 \'a0That\'92ll Make All The Dunderheads LOL}}
\f1\b0 \
16. (
\f2\i After a long, serious lecture
\f1\i0 ) \'93All of which proves that I thought of Jurassic Park first.\'94\
17. Mike: \'93You\'92re not gonna try and make me join a cult, are you?\'94\
Ross: \'93No.\'94\'a0Mike: \'93Oh, OK. You just have that look.\'94\'a0Ross: (
\f2\i to himself
\f1\i0 ) \'93Damn Supercuts!\'94\
18. \'93If you\'92re going to call me names, I would prefer \'91Ross, the Divorce Force.\'92 It\'92s just cooler.\'94\
19. \'93I knew you\'92d be my death, Phoebe Buffay!\'94\
20. Ross: \'93So, I don\'92t know if he\'92s testing me or just acting out, but my monkey is out of control! He keeps erasing the messages on my machine!\'94\
Rachel: \'93Oh yeah\'85 I\'92ve done that.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93And a few days ago, he got to the newspaper before I did and peed all over the crossword!\'94\'a0Rachel: \'93I\'92ve never done that.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93And last night, I don\'92t know what he did, but there were capers everywhere!\'94\
21. \'93You know, we should probably ask the doctor if she even knows how to deliver a baby that\'92s half-human, half pure evil.\'94\
22. \'93Ugly Baby judges you!\'94\
23. (
\f2\i Ross is walking down the aisle at Chandler and Monica\'92s wedding
\f1\i0 )\
\'93Wow. This is the first time I\'92ve walked down the aisle without the possibility of it ending in divorce.\'94\
24. Ross: (
\f2\i to Chandler
\f1\i0 ) \'93My dad wanted to know if you wanted to play racquetball with us.\'94\
Monica: \'93Wow. That\'92s great. Dad must really like you, he doesn\'92t ask just anyone to play.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93Yeah, and he didn\'92t really ask for you. He asked for Chancy, I assumed he meant you.\'94\'a0Chandler: \'93Well, did\'85 did you correct him?\'94\'a0Ross: \'93No. I thought it would be more fun this way.\'94\
25. \'93There was nothing in your father\'92s fridge except heavy cream and bacon. I think I solved the mystery of the heart attack.\'94\
26. \'93Hey, remember when I had a monkey? Yeah, what was I thinking?\'94\
27. Ross: \'93Rach, you balded my girlfriend!\'94\
Rachel: \'93See, she doesn\'92t look that bad.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93You can see the moonlight bouncing off her head!\'94\
28. \'93Y\'92know what? I\'92m gonna go out on a limb and say no divorces in \'9199!\'94\
29. Monica: \'93Chandler and I have this pact not to have sex until the wedding.\'94\
Ross: \'93A no-sex pact, huh? I seem to have one of those going with every woman in America.\'94\
30. \'93I am this close to tugging on my testicles again.\'94\

\f3\b RELATED:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.scarymommy.com/michael-scott-quotes/"}}{\fldrslt Hilarious Michael Scott Quotes From\'a0
\f4\i The Office}}
\f1\b0 \
31. \'93It\'92s always been you, Rachel!\'94\
32. \'93You know what the scariest part is? What if there\'92s only one woman for everybody, you know? I mean, what if you get one woman, and that\'92s it? Unfortunately, in my case, it was only one woman for her.\'94\
33. \'93Pivot. Pivot. Piv-ot. Piv-ot. PIVOT!\'94\
34. Joey: \'93What is it?\'94\
Ross: \'93I don\'92t know. It\'92s got all this stuff about wind and trees\'85 and there is some sacred pool in it. I don\'92t really get it. But she\'92s pretty upset about it.\'94\'a0Joey: \'93See\'85 This is why I don\'92t date women who read.\'93\
35. Rachel: \'93I\'92m good. I won\'92t laugh anymore. Put your hands back there.\'94\
Ross: \'93No, see, now I can\'92t, because, uh\'85 I\'92m feeling too self-conscious.\'94\'a0Rachel: \'93Just one cheek.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93No. Ha. The moment\'92s gone.\'94\'a0Rachel: \'93Just put your hands out and I\'92ll back up into it.\'94\'a0Ross:
\f3\b \'a0\'93
\f1\b0 That\'92s romantic.\'93\
36. Ross: \'93OK, here you go. Pay me back whenever you like.\'94\
Monica:\'a0
\f3\b \'93
\f1\b0 You have dinosaur checks?\'94\'a0Ross: \'93Yeah. You get your money and you learn something. What\'92s wrong with that?\'94\'a0Monica: \'93Nothing. Nothing. Hey, you\'92re a cheap-a-saurus! I\'92m kidding, I\'92m kidding. Thank you, I\'92m very grateful.\'93\
37. \'93Yes. Yes, it is\'85 in prison!\'94\
38. \'93I grew up in a house with Monica, OK. If you didn\'92t eat fast, you didn\'92t eat.\'94\
39. \'93Ah. Humor based on my pain.\'94\
40. \'93You have no idea how much this hurts!\'94\
41. \'93Get off my sister!\'94\
42. Ross: \'93Yeah, I need, uh\'85 I\'92m just\'85 I don\'92t know\'85 I don\'92t understand, umm, how this happened? We\'85 we used a condom.\'94\
Rachel: \'93I know. I know, but y\'92know condoms only work like 97 percent of the time.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93What? What? What? Well, they should put that on the box!\'94\'a0Rachel: \'93They do!\'94\'a0Ross: \'93No they don\'92t!\'94 (r
\f2\i uns to the bedroom and returns the condoms
\f1\i0 )\'a0Ross: \'93Well, they should put it in huge black letters!\'94\'a0Rachel: \'93OK, Ross, come on\'85 let\'92s just forget about the condoms.\'94\'a0Ross: \'93Oh well, I may as well have!\'94\
43. \'93I honestly don\'92t know if I\'92m hungry or horny.\'94\
44. \'93I\'92m just saying. If you can\'92t eat by yourself, how do you expect to have a baby by yourself?\'94\
45. \'93Well, I didn\'92t. I didn\'92t propose. Unless\'85 did I? I haven\'92t slept in 40 hours. And it does sound like something I would do.\
46. Ross Geller: \'93You got a tattoo?\'94\
47. (
\f2\i On Chandler\'92s third nipple
\f1\i0 )\
Phoebe Buffay: \'93You have a third nipple?\'94\'a0Ross Geller: \'93Whip it out. Whip it out.\'94\
}