{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red249\green249\blue249;\red0\green0\blue0;\red38\green38\blue38;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c98039\c98039\c98039;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa302\qc\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs56 \cf0 \cb2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Harvey Spector Quotes\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 \cb4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa100\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs32 \cf0 \cb2 \'93If you keep talking, I\'92m gonna start billing you, and my time runs a thousand dollars an hour.\'94\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb2 \'93Sometimes good guys gotta do bad things to make the bad guys pay.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I don\'92t play the odds, I play the man.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You don\'92t send a puppy to clean up its own mess.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93If they think you care, they\'92ll walk all over you.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You always have a choice.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93People respond to how we\'92re dressed, so like it or not this is what you have to do.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93According to me\'92 is the only \'91according to\'92 that matters.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I'm not here for your absolution, I'm here for your redemption.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Unless you\'92re looking to make me breakfast tomorrow, I think we\'92re done.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93There\'92s something wrong with your character if opportunity controls your loyalty.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Kill them with success. Bury them with a smile.\'94\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb2 \'93I like to smile at people who don\'92t like me.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Don\'92t raise your voice, improve your argument.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93It\'92s going to happen, because I am going to make it happen.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Have goals so big you get uncomfortable telling small minded people.\'93\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 "Winners don\'92t make excuses when the other side plays the game.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Every day is a hustle! Do I get tired? Yes. Do I give up? No.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Win a no win situation by rewriting the rules.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You want to change your life? Change the way you think.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93It\'92s what you do in the dark that puts you in light.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I\'92m not about caring, I\'92m about winning.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Life has two rules:1 never quit 2 always remember rule no 1.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I don\'92t take meetings, I set them\'85and my respect is not demanded it is earned.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You know who cries the hardest in the Miss America pageant? The winner. Because she knows she can\'92t win again and winners always want to.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Ever loved someone so much, you would do anything for them? Yeah, well make that someone yourself and do whatever the hell you want.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I\'92m against having emotions, not against using them.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Time is free, but it\'92s priceless. You can\'92t own it, but you can use it. You can\'92t keep it, but you can spend it. Once you\'92ve lost it, you can never get it back.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I\'92m not interested in great, I want to know who its Daddy is.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I refuse to answer that on the grounds that I don\'92t want to.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Loyalty is a two-way street. If I\'92m asking for it from you, then you\'92re getting it from me.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93The success of your client is a success of yours.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93The law is the law, the truth is subjective.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I think caring is a weak characteristic. To not care is to be free of caring, to be indifferent, and in that state nothing holds power over you. In my opinion you shouldn\'92t care, but you shall still be kind and give to others.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Never destroy anyone in public when you can accomplish the same result in private.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93If I don\'92t go pro, I can\'92t play against the best. And if I can\'92t play against the best, I can\'92t be the best.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Sorry, I can\'92t hear you over the sound of how awesome I am.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I don't pave the way for people, people pave the way for me.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93No, I'm not. You said I'm the thorn in his side, and I tried to take it out. But you're the one who's had what he wants all these years and didn't give it to him."\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Work until you no longer have to introduce yourself.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'9397% of people who gave up are employed by the 3% who never gave up."\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I\'92m working on myself, for myself, by myself.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Never give up on something that you can\'92t go a day without thinking about.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Focus on making yourself better. Not on thinking that you are better."\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Let them hate. Just make sure they spell your name right.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You\'92re never going to win big if you\'92re only going to minimise your losses.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93It\'92s not a problem if you always win.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93If you kinda sorta try, then you kinda sorta fail.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93First impressions last. You start behind the eight ball, you\'92ll never get in front.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93When someone treats you like they don\'92t care. Believe them. Don\'92t waste your time on it.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I don\'92t have dreams, I have goals. Now onto the next one.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93The only time success comes before work is in the dictionary.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93That\'92s the difference between you and me. You wanna lose small, I wanna win big.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I don\'92t get lucky. I make my own luck.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93When people you don\'92t even know hate you, that\'92s when you know you\'92re the best.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93When achieving your goal is more important than partying, welcome to the 1%.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93It\'92s not bragging if it\'92s true.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I win. That\'92s what I do.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Anyone can do my job but no one can be me.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93You don\'92t have to have it all figured out before you move forward. Just take the first step.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93What are your choices when someone puts a gun to your head?\cb1 \
\cb2 What are you talking about? You do what they say or they shoot you.\cb1 \
\cb2 Wrong. You take the gun, or you pull out a bigger one. Or, you call their bluff. Or, you do any one of a hundred and forty six other things.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Life is this, I like this.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Don\'92t waste your time on explanations. People only hear what they want to hear.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93I could agree with you but then we\'92d both be wrong.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 \'93A lot of people die in that. It seems appropriate.\'94\cb1 \
\
\cb2 \'93Are you telling me that if I throw you under the bus, you\'92re gonna drag me with you?\'94\cb1 \
\uc0\u8232 \cb2 \'93That's exactly what I thought of myself when I came up with the idea.\'94\cb1 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \cb2 \'93When you are backed against the wall, break the goddamn thing down.\'94\cb1 \
}