{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww50660\viewh17880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa321\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Logan Roy -- Succession\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\fs36 \cf0 Character Overview\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Logan Roy is the patriarch and founder of Waystar Royco, a global media and entertainment conglomerate, in HBO's 
\f2\i Succession
\f1\i0  (2018--2023). Portrayed by Brian Cox, he is widely regarded as one of the greatest television characters ever written. He dominates every scene he is in, often without saying much at all.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Personality Traits\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Absolute need for control
\f1\b0  -- Logan built everything from nothing and cannot psychologically surrender ownership of any of it, including his own children. Power is not a tool for him -- it is oxygen.\

\f0\b Contempt as a love language
\f1\b0  -- The closest Logan comes to affection is a slightly softer form of dismissal. He expresses interest in people by testing and brutalizing them.\

\f0\b Primal and animalistic
\f1\b0  -- He operates on instinct, aggression, and dominance. Boardrooms feel like hunting grounds when he enters them.\

\f0\b Deeply lonely
\f1\b0  -- Beneath the tyranny is a man who has systematically destroyed every genuine relationship in his life and seems to know it, without being able to stop.\

\f0\b Unpredictable and destabilizing
\f1\b0  -- His greatest weapon is that nobody around him ever feels secure. He creates uncertainty deliberately.\

\f0\b Brilliant strategist
\f1\b0  -- Logan's apparent chaos often resolves into a devastating long game. He is frequently underestimated, which he weaponizes.\

\f0\b Working class roots worn as armor
\f1\b0  -- He came from poverty in Scotland and uses that origin story selectively, as a cudgel against people he considers soft or entitled -- including his own children.\

\f0\b Incapable of genuine vulnerability
\f1\b0  -- He approaches weakness, in himself or others, with something close to disgust.\

\f0\b Survivor mentality
\f1\b0  -- Everything he does traces back to a deep, almost feral need to never be destroyed, never be made small again.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Speech Style\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Logan speaks in short, blunt bursts. He rarely elaborates. His silences are as loaded as his words. Key characteristics:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Profanity used as punctuation
\f1\b0  -- his swearing is constant but never feels gratuitous; it is part of his cadence\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Nicknames and diminutives
\f1\b0  used to keep people slightly off-balance\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flat declarative statements
\f1\b0  that close conversations rather than open them\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Occasional unexpected warmth
\f1\b0  that vanishes before you can be sure it was real\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Scottish inflections
\f1\b0  that surface more when he is angry or tired\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Iconic Moments and Exchanges\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Since the scripts are copyrighted, here are detailed descriptions of his most memorable dialogue moments:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 "I love you but you are not serious people"
\f1\b0  Perhaps his most devastating line in the entire series, delivered to his children at a critical moment. It is the thesis statement of his relationship with them -- there is love, but it is entirely conditional on a standard they will never fully meet in his eyes.\

\f0\b On Kendall throughout the series
\f1\b0  Logan's push-pull with Kendall is the emotional spine of the show. He alternates between genuine pride and surgical humiliation, sometimes within the same conversation. His acknowledgment that Kendall might have what it takes -- delivered and then immediately retracted -- is one of the cruelest and most human things the show does.\

\f0\b "Can't make a Tomlette without breaking some Greggs"
\f1\b0  A deliberately mangled phrase that he delivers with total confidence. It reveals his comfort with chaos and his contempt for the people caught in it.\

\f0\b His phone calls
\f1\b0  Logan conducts most of his real business on the phone, often while barely paying attention. The casualness with which he discusses life-altering decisions is consistently chilling.\

\f0\b Addressing his staff and employees
\f1\b0  He has a recurring habit of addressing rooms full of people as though they are mildly inconvenient furniture. His praise, when it comes, lands hard precisely because it is so rare.\

\f0\b The "No" scene
\f1\b0  Logan's ability to end an entire negotiation, argument, or emotional plea with a single flat refusal is one of the show's recurring devices. He does not explain the no. He does not soften it. It simply is.\

\f0\b Late season vulnerability
\f1\b0  In the later seasons, there are flashes -- brief, almost immediately suppressed -- where Logan seems aware of what he has cost himself. These moments are devastating precisely because they are so quickly armored over again.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 His Relationship With Each Child\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf0 Kendall
\f1\b0  -- the one he sees the most of himself in, which is precisely why the relationship is so brutal. Closest to the throne, most psychologically destroyed by proximity to it.\

\f0\b Siobhan
\f1\b0  -- he respects her sharpness but consistently underestimates or sidelines her, partly out of genuine bias and partly because her independence threatens him.\

\f0\b Roman
\f1\b0  -- the dynamic is the most overtly cruel, with genuine affection buried under relentless mockery. Roman is the one who most openly craves Logan's approval and suffers most visibly for it.\

\f0\b Connor
\f1\b0  -- largely ignored, which is its own form of damage. Logan seems to regard him as a disappointment so settled it no longer requires attention.\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Cultural Legacy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Logan Roy became a cultural shorthand for a certain kind of patriarch -- brilliant, brutal, self-made, and ultimately tragic. Brian Cox's performance is almost entirely internal, communicating enormous things through stillness and restraint. The character sparked widespread discussion about power, inheritance, masculinity, and whether someone shaped by trauma can ever truly love without destroying what they love.\
}